today I'm gonna be unboxing another
gaming peripheral this is the Microsoft
Sidewinder x8 Wireless Gaming Mouse so
you can see in the packaging here we've
got 4000 dpi the cameraman is closing
the door to his office because there are
people just close the door cream cheese
it is a 4000 dpi Gaming Mouse with play
in charge and it runs at 13,000 frames
per second so that means that the little
laser camera in this mouse is taking an
image of the surface under it 13,000
times per second in theory so that
should mean very very smooth performance
ok so we have a resolution of up to 4000
dpi max acceleration of 75 G's max speed
of a 120 inches per second and up to 30
hours of Wireless playtime which is
pretty good cuz even the most hardcore
Wow
what are they called raids raid player
is probably not going to be playing for
30 hours straight I think I hope okay so
the box of this opens in kind of a
creative way that is gonna make it very
very hard for me to put this back
together afterwards and there we go it
comes out like that so we just unfold
these little tabs here and I'd love to
have a look at the mouse in person so
there it is that's the x8 up at the top
we've got three buttons here and then we
have a button here on the side we have
our back and forward buttons that's
that's actually pretty ergonomic usually
you see the back and forward buttons
like that in this kind of orientation
but this is kind of cool it's like a
little rocker button here we have a
third button on the left hand side here
it's nice to see more buttons on the
left because I mean some mice kind of go
overkill with it whereas others I mean
it feels like yeah you could have a lot
more back there without interfering with
anything this kind of looks like it
comes off but maybe it doesn't okay so
on the right side you've got kind of an
ergonomic groove for your for your pinky
I'm just gonna show actually it's not it
seems like the way this Mouse is
intended to be used is with your pinky
resting here because if you try to hold
it this way it's kind of uncomfortable
it leaves a lot of your hand exposed
down here and while we're here we can
look at the bottom so you've got little
stick non-slip non-slip slipping pad
okay nonstick pads then you have the
power switch at the bottom and inside
here is the blue track technology so the
Sidewinder x8 actually doesn't use a red
laser it uses a blue laser which is in
theory better okay and then this seems
to be the battery holder yeah so that's
where we put the battery inside so why
don't we have a look at what else is
included with the x8 okay a double-a
battery this one is a rechargeable
nickel metal hydride battery and so we
can charge it by using and this has got
cool feature because this is one of
those wireless / wired mice so you can
plug this puck which is just a wrapper
for the cord for the mouse in by USB to
the back yoke imputing so there's a USB
cord there and then you can either use
the mouse in Wireless mode and this is
your receiver for that or you can plug
this in Oh check that out and it's a
little magnetic charging / wired
interface for the mouse so thank you for
checking out my unboxing of the
Microsoft Sidewinder x8 gaming mouse